In Spain, I am a religious entity, written as such, from 1970, in the Ministry of Justice, the Register of Religious Entities,
and since then, I have been closely linked to the fulfilment of its own beliefs and faith,
and therefore, I have been referring to social life, to the fulfilment of the laws, to the respect of the rights
and to the collaboration with the authorities in a way that does not seem any dangerous to me at all.
And that is why I have been professionally asked by my professional experience, to exercise their rights,
or try to exercise them, according to the juridical order, reclaming them when they are considered virulent,
against the tribunals. The religious freedom is a part of being social, the right of all citizens,
and each of them to exercise their religion, to the cults, their own religion,
the right to profess their beliefs, as the right to not profess any.
And I think that exercising is the right in peace, in a way, is also actively,
as negatively as being social, the citizens and the community of society.
Therefore, restricted, somehow, is the right of religious freedom,
negatively affects the community of society, which benefits from the respect of the rights of all citizens.
Well, I see it as a precedent, because it is my knowledge of this religious confession and its development
in our country for so much time, over 40 years.
Well, there is not a result that can be compared or that to judge the extremist calificative.
It is a religious confession, as many others, that refers to the private exercise and the private exercise of their rights,
that they develop it in the private exercise, normally, and that they share, they try to share their beliefs with other people,
but always from freedom. In our country, they have never developed any activity that can be of extremist character,
nor their own religious posts, they have any sign that could be given in that way of extremism,
understood the word, as we understand it, applied to others, confessions or other religions
that predict the violence or the war against them, the witnesses of Ceobab predict the peace,
but above all, the exercise in their private lives, and they try to apply the legitimate exercise of the rights,
respect the legitimate exercise of the rights of other people without violence, without recurring to violence.